Fixed empty categories validate bug (#1900)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue in **update-release-notes** where suggestion fix failed in validation.
* Fixed a bug where `.env` files didn't load. @nicolas-rdgs

> * Fixed a bug in **pack validation** required non-empty categories for non-integration packs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where **validate** command failed when the *categories* field in the pack metadata was empty for non-integration packs.
```
